hey everybody welcome back Northern Line
finding mines again prepares what could
be greater than golf with the Gators did
we I thought we had four wins in a row
last time and then we're still at four
wins in a row we have no mods on maybe
I'm just losing my mind that's okay
last run didn't end up being that
difficult we got ten kegs early and kind
of balled out of control this one the
worst rate of fire WR GPL 0tg
with an HP upgrade and the d6
it's not bad honestly with a bad rate of
fire at before ax is like one of the
more interesting upgrades that we could
get in the early game here we're not
always going to be able to use it
appropriately as I'm sure you can tell
from our experience here but at before
is kind of cool I hated it for a while
and then I've come to actually
appreciate it so the big draw for us I
think is the big the thing that we
should do to try to maximize our chances
of winning here is not really to use at
before to always shoot in the same
direction when that happens when that
aligns with our abilities that's going
to be nice but it's not always going to
be possible to ensure that we're
shooting in the same direction but you
know after 10 or 20 minutes as you can
see we can get to the point where well
they can actually see our HP as well
which is nice oh dude this is amazing
they said the Joker was a wanted man
what do you do here well this is
actually potentially how we win the game
is popped off so quickly here that I'm
like confused but also excited because
empty vessel is incredible we can use it
you got to take empty vessel and then
you reroll the other item to try to get
empty vessel to pop and got these
hairball is at least good enough to try
so we can fly now and I'm going to
highly debatable whether or not this is
even close to the right decision but I
figured I'd give it one chance and it
didn't work okay so if we get back to
the deal with
devilled awesome probably won't but if
we do that's fine even if we don't
though the the pickup of empty vessel is
extremely good the principle problem
that we have right now is you know it
doesn't actually help us out on a stats
level although we are thankful to still
like be able to you know deal damage and
fly and also maybe have a faster chance
to become Guffey if not necessarily a
better chance because we might not even
though we're guaranteed more or less a
deal with the devil due to our current
HP compensation or HP composition on the
next floor it's questionable whether or
not we'd be able to actually take a deal
with the devil depends on
well mostly whether or not the deal with
the devil actually gives us some HP back
and then maybe whether or not we get HP
from our existing boss on this floor or
the boss on the next floor but either
way empty vessel is great and we're
happy to have it it just might take a
little while to to come into focus how
good it actually is it also gives us
occasional invincibility but we're we
got a lot of future potential and empty
vessels like a little bit of right now
help as well the problem is more that
three-point-seven damage and seventeen
rate of fire are pretty poor they're not
awful I mean three point seven damage is
okay at least but 17 rate of fire is
almost none useable that's like Eve's
mascara
levels of rate of fire and our damage is
not even close to where we want it to be
but every run almost every run is even
starts with like some area that could
use a little help and it just so happens
it's our DPS this time but our defense
should be good I'm going to compromise
empty vessel temporarily to get a sweet
sweet tears upgrade which is basically
essential as far as I'm concerned and
then we're going to execute like a a
guppy play here so we go into our curse
room got two spirit hearts which is
basically like fine we know we're going
to get a deal
the devil here I wanted to get back to
empty vessel as soon as possible and
please jump again our rate of fire can
get down to six if we really harp on it
it's not bad
what's our default rate of fire it's
like 14 I think it's 9 I didn't even
look when I picked up what I would have
terrible dodge there I didn't even look
when I picked up blue cab for the first
time if our standard rate of fire is 9
that's like actually completely ok I
always find like when my tier delay or
is what my rate of fire is really bad ok
sweet yeah cool um we roll this you
gotta you've got it even though it ruins
empty vessel you've got it
it's fine like if I'm on an Eden run
where my tier delays kind of garbage one
tiers upgrade usually like this
proportionally saves it and I have no
idea why but it usually see huh it's
weird right because I'm like I feel
deprived because I'm not able to grab
the Maggie's bow but if we were able to
grab Maggie's bow that would mean we're
using empty vessel and picking up
Maggie's bow would ruin empty vessels so
I don't know if we'd be trapped in the
middle of that thing or what but
thankfully maybe we're not able to pick
it up even if it did let us leave the
room we'd still be like you know we'd be
ruining the ability to fly so I don't
feel too badly about that this run is
great now Greg now yeah your magic
moment great now come on said Van Halen
I if that's like one of the mid tier
cuts you don't hear it on the radio too
- too much but so we have prayer card
which I'm going to take but we could get
by with the reroll as well I'd like to
get to ten cents it's going to happen I
don't love that I have to buy re-roll
here but it's fine ace of diamonds and
we'll buy the reroll use the prayer card
once
so that we get X well I mean I guess
from one HP do we want to be on two HP
why not two HP is probably better for
now it sounds like bad but if we really
hate being on two HP we could just die
and go down to one HP and then take a
deal with the devil like for example it
follow me to a place where incredible
feats are achieved every hour or so here
next floor all I did in media 3 HP
that's getting a little crazy
next floor we walk into a deal with the
devil ah you know we can't quite get
back the empty vessel state if we take
this so we want to have less HP we walk
out bomb ourselves respawn inside of the
deal with the devil grab the item die
come back as okay now I'm getting
confuse I'm confusing myself here
disregard I'm getting I'm getting too
cute with the plays here let's pretend
as if we don't even have empty vessel
and then just be happy when it works for
us in the future which would probably
will how's this run looking well it's
got an OK rate of fire it's got okay
damage holy light is legitimately one of
the best tear effects and little brim
like short of getting a huge damage
upgrade on isn't really the spectrum on
which I want to compare these little
brim is like one of the best ways to
deal damage that has nothing to do with
your own damage stat like as a static
variable repeating of course stored on
the local static area I don't remember
where static variables are stored
probably on the heap now that our site
probably on the stack is when I'm okay
look hey nerd if you're talking about
the stack you better be talking about
magic gathering all right no C++ and my
Isaac the point is regardless of your
damage little brings amazing so it's
helping us out quite a lot right now and
can carry us for quite a long time I
would love to have it not have to carry
us for quite a long time but truth be
told if we had to run these stats for
the remainder of the run I think we
could do it my warrants you know a
couple of speed up graves just so we're
a little bit safer on the dodging front
but Holy Light combined with
little brimstone can with it allows us
to hit above our weight class that's
what I'm trying to say no deal with the
devil the polydactyl it's okay
High Priestess basically is a free boss
fight later surprised we didn't fight
Big Horn considering we have such poor
damage right now which usually have a
game sees fit to punish us is that a
misuse of high priestess it's possible
but you know those mushrooms are as
tanky as some bosses I swear luck stat
1.31 our shot speed is like god-awful
which is compromising our effective
range a little bit I think which is in
yet another reason my little brim was
like such an amazing gift for us wiggle
worm with low shot speed is almost
usable and wiggle worm in general is one
of like the least horrible worm trinkets
ringworm as far as like I would love for
ringworm to be more useful or at least
like from a hilarity standpoint useful
at all but it just isn't like that it
makes it impossible to hit things it
also gives you like a three thousand
percent shot speed increase which you
think how could that possibly be bad
well it sounded way much like life in
the Jurassic Park films it found a way
Libra
you've got to give it a shot I almost
think this is going to be a damage
downgrade because our shot speed and
speed are so bad it was the mildest of
damage increases but again this means
that every stat upgrade we ever gets
will be in all stats upgrading every
stat downgrade we ever get will be a
stance downgrade so except for luck and
HP weirdly enough but keep this first
two of nodes in ace of clubs you got to
think about this one because we have
coupon coupon would make the Bible free
or it could make one of the consumables
free it could also make deals with the
devil free but that's not what I want
I think we'd go for the double re-roll
here let me take a gift and we'll use it
in here to get a free
drop item is compost it's not bad but
it's also novel we won what we do want
is champion belt which is and all stats
up now how much though it's not bad
0.42 damage like a 10% damage increase
and then we going to re-roll mom's purse
pills are one of the best ways to get
all stats upgrades but without knowing
what they are it's a little dicey
so we rear old it becomes hivemind like
I'm not against it our chances of
becoming guppy are pretty good but our
donation machine is also we don't have
any more back okay maybe this is the
last time together so just making some
sloppy decisions there's no real
negative to blowing up your donation
machine one too many times like we're at
nine hundred cents who cares right but I
was like we'll just keep buying battery
charges endlessly Oh from what battery
store I didn't know you live next to the
Duracell Depot anyway we're headed down
we're on pace it's good should have
taken mom's purse wait do we hold on
their brain even while you were
admonishing yourself for your own
stupidity you never thought for a second
let's go back there and get hive mind we
got a chance to become guppy people
screaming at you all the drama people
suing me I'm on TV talking like it's
just you and me Kanye West can't tell me
nothing 2007 you might as well get hive
mine is what I'm trying to say and why
not use a golden bomb to crack into this
lockup now that's fine you know a job
well done is its own reward here alright
there you go see we used to be stopped
hopefully our pattern of
self-destruction here before it became
potentially catastrophic and did we
compromise our ability to get the boss
rush yet but we've made our future flies
that much stronger that's worth
something gosh darn it that's a secret
room I guarantee it okay guaranteed
though right here secret room this is
what I meant right there told you
alright next time then
okay let's move on here um we're
definitely in a previous even with curse
of the blind oh it's a library actually
Book of Revelations Anarchist Cookbook
I'll take a Cuba meet Book of
Revelations also a I always forget it's
a devil deal chance increase if you're
holding it or maybe an Turkish coke book
is not worth holding but this gives us a
good outlet to use and abuse battery
charges on this floor because we know
what it's going to give us it's going to
give us something in the category of
books if we're able to reroll enough we
might be able to turn it into a doubled
item room but that would probably
require like sharp plug or you know a
pretty fortuitous sack boy or you know a
room with a king baby that turns all
enemies in the champions that drop a a
battery charge or something it's
plausible but semi unlikely at the very
least like this well then we could get
to battery charge drops here which would
be a start to get one battery charge
drop here we did get one battery charge
here all right I'm gonna I'm gonna go
against library I hate that I'm going to
go against library straps just because I
don't think there's enough charges if it
was a five room like five books on the
library I'd be all over it you know you
don't need too many charges to make that
work but we need to an app charges per
charge
they've been sounds confusing we need to
be the equivalent of one charge on a
five book room we need to get two and a
half charges on a two book room of
course so taro cloth lovely lovely item
saves us from blowing up our donation
machine a little bit as well ace of
clubs I think is like irrelevant but
we'll turn two cents into two bombs
regardless grab the compass that's good
dude then we'll use the moon card but
don't forget it's not just a moon card
it's actually a doubled moon card I'm
going to go to our item room and then
we've got a seventy two point five
percent chance repeating of course of
making it to our deal with the devil
here at which point we will become guppy
and our hive
decision will have paid dividends and we
will go win the game empty vessel or no
empty vessel great trinket by the way
bum friend not a huge fan locust of
pestilence though of course we are going
to take and barely save myself from
walking on the spikes those are the kind
of plays you got to make if you want to
win a lot of NIH's ik if you want to win
a lot and Isaac boy it's the toughest
league in the game you got to make sure
you don't damage yourself on spikes all
that often or you're going to be in
trouble mister you can only damage
yourself on spikes two maybe three times
per run after that you start to you
start to put yourself at heavy risk of a
loss alright so we know we're not
getting HP here which means a good deal
with the devil could put us an empty
vessel state closed Incubus great item
that we do want one orbital ball of
bandages fits the bill completely and
we'll move along here again Incubus
great but I totally forgot we had Libra
as well that's like I should be more I
wouldn't say concern necessarily but I
should be more invested in the concept
of us having Libra I'm also like trying
to shoot in the same direction because
when we shoot in the same direction it's
an all stats upgrade isn't that V it so
we're going to try to eat something out
a demon judgement here we got the HP and
we got the survivability so that's going
to be an all stats up from synthol
pretty nice one two and this should be
an all stats up but it might be a little
downgrade it's it is it was not little
really either it was like it was an all
stats downgrade but for those of you
immediately jump into the conclusion
that that was a bad idea I do want to
point out it's still piercing shops you
know Libra can't take that away from us
so there's a mild miss play perhaps but
to get piercing shots might still be
worth it and a speed downgrade 0.2
damage down pretty nasty actually
but Libra okay my through up there I
didn't know that a top-down game could
make me motion sick but that was
disorienting either way I don't want to
live on a planet where I don't take
Libra almost every time it's available
and you can tell that I believe in that
message implicitly because I'm doing a
Bernie Sanders finger wag at the camera
right now we all have the right to Libra
all stats should be equal let's it was
actually like an okay impromptu
impression I'm a little surprised bad
Dodge not at all worried about our HP
you know why nine lives we got so many
opportunities to come out of this and
that's bookworm it's not bookworm it by
the way if you're saying hey moron Dead
Sea Scrolls in the book it's a scroll
I'm with you 100% but I had thought up
to this point that it operated as a book
for the purposes of the game I don't
think we're going to get another reroll
sadly now I was going to say if this is
small rock we got to think about it
because I have no oh you jerk I have no
reason or no idea whether small Rock is
a stat upgrade or downgrade in our
current predicament like it's minus 0.2
speed plus 0.1 damage and minus 1 tears
which is good so it should be in all
sets increase the all state all stats
increase a lot of bad damage there I
mean if it gives us HP
plus we have empty vessel active now I
don't want that guess we're you know
what what do we have in our item room I
can't recall Dead Sea Scrolls let me
reroll it into into something else let's
just get one more charge plus maybe we
can get enough money to spawn an arcade
on the next floor it's fairly unlikely
an arcade will be useful but might as
well give it a try could be useful and
we've got a little bit of time
potentially as well so and there's our
boss rush enabler to begin with so
little okay so I don't know if we're
gonna do boss rush i don't think it's
compulsory for this run to actually work
but who aura can be so good aura should
always be on all stats up with libra
because it gives you like a huge
magnitude of stats up but only for one
specific category so libra actually
rebalances it and might make this a mild
all stats increase which is is fairly
nice you know I think I don't know if we
have the time but I'm going for it
nonetheless and this all stats increase
thanks to Libra is going to be on all
stats increase so that was a joke but it
is going to be that
our aura has been removed I was like why
did our stats go down that's right our
aura has been removed and now this run
is cheap if you break my aura
please don't end the streak
if you kill my aura yes the classic
Canadian summer jam steal my sunshine by
Len
what do you mean Canadian that's right
we're taking it back you don't have my
permission anymore the sings steal my
sunshine unless you recognize the band
is Canadian members of it later went on
to form Broken Social Scene all that
form but be part of perhaps I don't know
the whole mythos be honest with you
let's go that health upgrade is
worthwhile whoo
taro cloth is done it look at that dude
that was dicey and we pulled it back
mostly thanks for the greatest taro
cloth I've ever seen in my life plus the
most opportune spirit arts one could
possibly expect not you don't take that
you take this it's a step I actually
thought it was an all stats decrease
thanks to the shots for you downgrade
but by the way why take this well at
this point like you have a great point
there's no reason to have taken that
except the hitbox on our tiers is larger
but I took it as kind of a knee-jerk
reaction so we're not going to go to a
cloth rush it's literally just in that
second it's gone so luck up it's very
good to be honest with you the health
upgrade we don't even really want to
take advantage of
what did you drop there nothing that's a
bummer I stopped you from paying out but
we would love to use it on a deal with
the devil so we really should take like
a half red heart at some point in the
future here there's one back there but I
don't really want to go back for it come
on well if we have to pay for this deal
with the devil if we even get one with
spirit hearts life goes on take I mean
we can no we don't want to re-roll what
are you talking about take the pole or I
get down to the next floor and just love
life dude like you're in an extremely
lucky position on this run a couple of I
mean it started a little wonky and then
it came together quickly with empty
vessel you're still riding that empty
vessel train you're waiting for guppy
one day you know a change is going to
come it doesn't seem like it's going to
be on this run which is very nice for me
that was a panic reaction and I've never
been prouder it's like exactly the right
thing to do there I will say again like
we've got a really good chance of a deal
with the devil oh you're still alive
you're just covered by the map we got a
really good chance for a deal with the
devil but I don't really want to pay
spirit hearts for it like paying red
hearts for it is the right thing but if
we don't get a deal with the devil and
we paid we picked up a red hard to try
to get a deal with the devil that only
cost us red excuse me
red hearts then I lose I lose the
ability to fly at least temporarily so I
mean it's like a pretty minor cost all
things considered but it is something
that's it's all my list I'd like to at
least be at 1/2 of sphere at heart so we
can take advantage of permanent polaroid
invincibility and we can afford to pay
spirit hearts just more about whether or
not I'd you know it's not perfect but
maybe we should remember the Canadian
simple planned song of the same name
I'm sorry I can't be perfect I don't
remember many of the other lyrics it was
very whiny band so you've lost it all
nothing lasts forever I'm sorry
keeping perfect that's all I remember
it might be all the song so yeah we paid
spirit arts where I deal with the devil
we got sack dagger and we get the key
permanent polaroid invincibility and
empty vessels so is it worth it yeah I
mean I think so I got nothing against it
right now at least canon i entails all
stats up not a huge all stats up but you
know with libra you don't really get
that many huge all stats upgrades do you
it's really like soy milk that's it
I still think libras like maybe the
worst best item in the game which is
like it's always worth taking in my
opinion for comedy sake but I don't
necessarily think it's on average very
good one of those might be a luck
upgrade held up lightly oh okay I was
correct the other ones a health upgrade
which actually is very good it's just
not very good right now the right way to
use this I think is if we end up dying
and are they like we've lost our spirit
hearts but we really for some reason are
committed to making that particular life
work maybe because it's the last one
then we we pop this fill it up and then
we have to HP instead of one but
hopefully this ends up not being
necessary hopefully it ends up not being
relevant but it's nice to have either
way I got to give like extreme props to
little brim and Holy Light which really
are keeping this run quite not even just
like
kind of bad not even just acceptable but
they're keeping this run like actually
quite fun and fairly high damage in
spite of the fact that our actual
attributes are decent but not that
incredible but part of that is also my
bad for not committing hard to be like
at before a build but I like being able
to change my rate of fire or change the
direction of fire I should say at before
was really like a hey our starting rate
of fire is 17 let's take this as like a
saving grace if things get like truly
horrible I mean I guess you just go with
this and we could we can go with dark
bomb Nell and it might work out for us
and we don't want the Hermit card yeah
you know what let's go for it why not
dude why not still got an empty vessel
so we're looking at like the permanent
invincibility from that is good I
haven't given up on the guppy dream and
the invincibility combined with sack
daggers like really really nice we can
actually okay I believe in that before
it took an extra couple of seconds but
I've decided that actually at before a
Libra is amazing because now I have 12
damaged I've literally doubled I may
have doubled all of my stats actually
our rate of fire is the one that perhaps
ironically got the least amount of love
from at before ax just funny considering
that it's also no it didn't give us
double damage just give us extra damage
okay grab this still seems great
we can go to our curse room not going to
say if not you know mildly scary we're
still still kicking it here oh that
should be a spirit hard or at least a
payout I should say and it is yeah okay
I would say that that spirit are puts us
as close as we've ever been to unloose
Apple territory on this run and the dark
bomb pick up the thing is like the later
you get it in the game the less likely
it's going to pay for itself but it
still paid for itself in like under two
minutes
so you ever find yourself thinking
poorly of this item you should turn the
the lens of criticism inwards because
dark bomb if it if you get hit by a
spider from dark bum that's on you
that's not dark bombs problem dark bomb
is innocent in all cases all right Isaac
is going down dude we've had like a
selection of very very quick runs today
and it's not really like I've been just
trying to steamroll them to keep
production up as fast as possible like
we've we've done boss rush on some of
them we backtracked to trying to make
maximum maximal use of our rerolls like
we've just been a blessed day of almost
exclusively high octane Isaac runs it's
a good day to be me and be recording
Isaac okay straight up absolutely rescue
every year old contagions lovely so the
damage downgrade and it's a percentage
damage downgrade that should be booked
well this does nothing for us really
I think it's an all step down not it was
a huge all stats up shows what I know
anyway we're looking for rerolls their
host head host host man hat and his
black and white cat I'm all in any other
Commonwealth countries get postman pat
when you were a kid we'll talk about
that in the future episode nobody won't
there's nothing to talk about there was
a television program called postman pat
the song of the introduction went
Postman Pat Postman Pat Postman Pat and
his black and white cat I'm just waiting
for that to be sampled you know like a
millennial targeted to hip hop Jam you
call it like postman trap or something
like that so that's a hip-hop word
probably I don't know what do I know
on the inside I'm hip-hop but on the
outside pure indie rock ooh did you see
the less a beef a concert Lance is too
savvy fell let's go
anyway this is yet another easy win
we're fairly quickly approaching a
double digits well we're like halfway to
a double digit streak my favorites
Public Enemy album once we get there I
mean we've we've proven ourselves
there's something you know sports and
Isaac have a lot of correlation you said
with a straight face and definitely not
laughing at all because it's not funny
teams usually have to pay their dues
before they go on their dynasty winning
championships right happen to the Oilers
and the Leafs this year you know they're
going to pop off a Stanley Cup in the
next ten years one of those two teams
probably maybe both happened to the
Penguins lose to the Red Wings now
they're going for their you know third
cup in in ten years this year maybe we
had to get that nasty streak out of the
way in the negative direction before we
could get a beauty streak in the
positive direction so that's the
narrative I'm choosing to build right
now and it's building steam with a grain
of salt for now thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed the episode if you did click
the like button else had a great
of course subscribe if you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time